<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:bwlcc="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/component">


<ui:composition template="/template/formTemplateAlternate.xhtml">
	<ui:param name="beanName" value="#{startBean}" />

	<ui:define name="title">bwFLA Demo Server</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="menu" />
	
	<ui:define name="metadata">
		<script>		
		// show loading dialog when leaving the page takes long
		$(function() {
			$('.start-wf-action').click(function() {
				setTimeout(function() {
					showLoadingAnimation();
				}, 500);
			});
		});
		</script>
	</ui:define>
	
	<ui:define name="content">
		<div class="page-index">
			<h:form>
				<div class="nav-meta">
					<a href="#" onclick="PF('user_pref_change_dlg').show(); return false;">	user preferences</a> | 
					<h:commandLink action="#{startBean.gotoConfiguration}">configuration</h:commandLink> 
				</div>
			</h:form>

			<h1>
				<span class="logo"><span>bwFLA</span></span> Emulation as a Service
				<span class="sticker">demo</span>
			</h1>

			<div class="tagline">
				This server shows <strong>demo preservation workflows</strong> to
				illustrate use cases for a cloud-based emulation service
			</div>

			<h:form>
				<p:growl id="growl" life="2500" showDetail="true" sticky="false" />
			</h:form>

			<section class="whole-system-preservation">
				<h3>Step 1: Include a disk-image</h3>
				
				<h:form>
					<h:commandLink id="newImage" styleClass="button-big start-wf-action" action="#{startBean.gotoNewImage}">
						<strong>Image Ingest</strong>
						<div class="caption">Prepare a virtual harddisk image to be
							rendered by supported emulator</div>
					</h:commandLink>
	
					<div class="description">
						This workflow allows to include a disk-image to the EaaS service.
						The disk-image can either be uploaded directly to an incoming
						folder or provided as a HTTP reference.<br /> The disk image can be
						connected to virtual hardware and configured to be used with EaaS.
					</div>
				</h:form>
			</section>

			<section class="whole-system-preservation">
				<h3>Step 2: Preparation</h3>
	
				<h:form>
					<h:commandLink id="base" action="#{startBean.gotoBaseImages}" styleClass="button-big start-wf-action">
						<strong>Modify Images</strong>
						<div class="caption">Customize existing images<br/>Publish environments</div>
					</h:commandLink>
	
					<h:commandLink id="sw" action="#{startBean.gotoSWArchive}" styleClass="button-big start-wf-action">
						<strong>Software Archive</strong>
						<div class="caption">Package software</div>
					</h:commandLink>
					<div class="description">
						This workflow
						allows to customize, eg. by installing software and/or specific
						configuration steps.<br /> Software can either be used from the
						EaaS software archive or uploaded directly from the user's
						computer.<br/>
						Derivate chains allow to reference each
						modification step with a URL for citation. External objects will be
						injected into the rendering environment on an emulated storage
						device.
					</div>
				</h:form>
			</section>


			<section class="mass-curation-digital-art">
				<h3>Step 3: Object Ingest</h3>
				<h:form>	
					<h:commandLink id="inDO" action="#{startBean.gotoIngestDigArt}" styleClass="button-big start-wf-action">
						<strong>Ingest</strong>
						<div class="caption">Browse a list of legacy CD-ROM art,
							evaluate emulation performance, Prepare for access</div>
					</h:commandLink>	
				</h:form>
				
				<div class="description">
					This workflow allows to use digital artifacts (e.g. CDROM images) to be used 
					with previously prepared emulation environments.<br/>
					CDROMs may be automatically characterized (ie. to find a suitable emulation environment)
					or an environment can be selected manually. <br></br>
					A combination of environment and object can then be evaluated. If the performance meets the
					curator's expectation the combination can be saved and published.
				</div>
			</section>

			<section class="mass-curation-digital-art">
				<h3>Step 4: Access objects</h3>
				<h:form>
					<h:commandLink id="aDO" action="#{startBean.gotoAccessDigArt}" styleClass="button-big start-wf-action">
						<strong>Access</strong>
						<div class="caption">Access objects in a ready-made emulation environment.</div>
					</h:commandLink>
				</h:form>
				
				<div class="description">
					This workflow demonstrates user access to a published object (in combination with a suitable emulation environment)
					through a (library) catalog as well as citation options.  
				</div>
			</section>
			
			<section class="mass-curation-digital-art">
				<h3>WIP: Record and Replay</h3>
				<h:form>
					<h:commandLink action="#{startBean.gotoSessionRecording}" styleClass="button-big start-wf-action">
						<strong>Record Session</strong>
						<div class="caption">Start a new session <br/> and record it.</div>
					</h:commandLink>
					<h:commandLink action="#{startBean.gotoSessionReplay}" styleClass="button-big start-wf-action">
						<strong>Replay Session</strong>
						<div class="caption">Replay a previously <br/> recorded session.</div>
					</h:commandLink>
				</h:form>
			</section>
		</div>
		<bwlcc:user-preference-dialog />
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
